README.rst, before:

==================
 Effective Django
==================

This is the repository for the text `Effective Django`_, an ongoing
work in progress by Nathan Yergler. The sample code is maintained in
the `effective-django-tutorial`_ repository.

*Effective Django* is authored using `ReStructured Text`_ and Sphinx_.
If you're interested in building HTML, PDF, ePub, or other generated
formats, you can do so by:

#. Make sure LaTeX is installed on your machine. (Note: this is non-trivial on Macs)
#. Check out this repository (Make sure to use --recursive to get submodule)
#. Bootstrap the buildout::

     $ cd effective-django
     $ python bootstrap.py

#. Run buildout_ ::

     $ ./bin/buildout

   This will install the dependencies needed to build the content.

#. Run ``make``::

     $ make all

   The output will be in the ``_build`` sub-directory.

Run ``make`` without any parameters for a list of possible targets.

.. _`Effective Django`: http://effectivedjango.com/
.. _`effective-django-tutorial`: https://github.com/nyergler/effective-django-tutorial
.. _`ReStructured Text`: http://docutils.sf.net/
.. _Sphinx: http://sphinx-doc.org/
.. _buildout: http://www.buildout.org/

Commit message:

Updated README with alternate instructions
- Added link to MacTex for OSX users
- Added alternate instructions for using virtualenv.

README.rst, after:

==================
 Effective Django
==================

This is the repository for the text `Effective Django`_, an ongoing
work in progress by Nathan Yergler. The sample code is maintained in
the `effective-django-tutorial`_ repository.

*Effective Django* is authored using `ReStructured Text`_ and Sphinx_.
If you're interested in building HTML, PDF, ePub, or other generated
formats, you can do so by:

#. Make sure LaTeX is installed on your machine.

   For Macs, it is recommended you use `MacTeX`_

#. Check out this repository (Use --recursive to get the tutorial submodule)
#. Bootstrap the buildout::

     $ cd effective-django
     $ python bootstrap.py

#. Run buildout_ ::

     $ ./bin/buildout

   This will install the dependencies needed to build the content.
   
#. Alternatively, use virtualenv (from within repository)::

     $ virtualenv .
     $ . bin/activate
     $ pip install -r requirements.txt

#. Run ``make``::

     $ make all

   The output will be in the ``_build`` sub-directory.

Run ``make`` without any parameters for a list of possible targets.

.. _`Effective Django`: http://effectivedjango.com/
.. _`effective-django-tutorial`: https://github.com/nyergler/effective-django-tutorial
.. _`ReStructured Text`: http://docutils.sf.net/
.. _Sphinx: http://sphinx-doc.org/
.. _`MacTeX`: http://tug.org/mactex/
.. _buildout: http://www.buildout.org/
